subsystem benchmarks: add cpu profiling (#2601)
paritytech/polkadot-sdk: polkadot/node/subsystem-bench/README.md

### Test metrics

Subsystem, CPU usage and network metrics are exposed via a prometheus endpoint during the test execution.
A small subset of these collected metrics are displayed in the CLI, but for an in depth analysys of the test results,
a local Grafana/Prometheus stack is needed.

### Run Prometheus, Pyroscope and Graphana in Docker

> If you are using Docker, you can skip the next steps to install Prometheus, Pyroscope and Graphana using `docker-compose` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If docker is not usable, then follow the next sections to manually install Prometheus, Pyroscope and Graphana on your machine.
```

```bash
cd polkadot/node/subsystem-bench/docker

> docker compose up

Reviewer: Nice!
